Guess what, lady. Let me ask you again
Did Ouyang Tomb send you here?
Dead people don't need to know so many people
We Kill Seven Curse
It is the God of the benevolent who sits down and descends
Come today.
I will meet you, you despicable little man
Think of a way
Seriously injured
I can't keep relying on him to solve problems
Ah, there it is.
Stop it. I was trying to hide it
But there's no need to hide now
hide
What are you hiding? I'm actually Long Shuai's wife
When the ninja god was killed by Long Shuai
I was thinking
You are Mrs. Long Shuai
Who can testify?
I can prove it.
This order plate is Long Shuai's legacy
Yes, the token is here.
Do you have any questions?
Ok then I ask you
Before my father went to war
Have you been ambushed by Liao Fan, a disciple of Xiao Xiao?
It was a one-shot kill.
There is no sneak attack
I was there.
The ninja god is no match for the dragon
Was killed by his palm